DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT

This Data Processing Agreement ("DPA") supplements the Master Services Agreement between
Helios Retail Group ("Controller") and Cascade Cloud Services, Inc. ("Processor") and governs
Processor's processing of personal data on behalf of Controller.

1 Definitions

"Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person
processed by Processor on behalf of Controller in connection with the Services.

"Sub-processor" means any third party engaged by Processor to process Personal Data on behalf
of Controller.

2 Scope of Processing

Processor shall process Personal Data only on documented instructions from Controller,
including with regard to transfers of Personal Data to a third country, unless required to do
so by applicable law.

3 Security Measures

Processor shall implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level
of security appropriate to the risk, including encryption of Personal Data at rest and in
transit, regular testing of security measures, and the ability to restore availability of
Personal Data in a timely manner following an incident.

4 Breach Notification

Processor shall notify Controller without undue delay, and in any event within forty-eight (48)
hours, after becoming aware of a Personal Data breach, and shall provide Controller with
sufficient information to allow Controller to meet any obligations to report the breach to
supervisory authorities or affected individuals.

5 Sub-processors

Processor may engage Sub-processors to process Personal Data provided that Processor imposes
data protection obligations on each Sub-processor no less protective than those set out in this
DPA and notifies Controller of any intended changes to Sub-processors at least thirty (30) days
in advance, giving Controller the opportunity to object.

6 Audit Rights

Controller may audit Processor's compliance with this DPA no more than once per calendar year,
upon at least thirty (30) days written notice, or more frequently if required by a supervisory
authority or following a Personal Data breach. Processor shall make available to Controller all
information necessary to demonstrate compliance with this DPA.

7 Data Subject Rights

Processor shall assist Controller, insofar as possible, in responding to requests from data
subjects seeking to exercise their rights under applicable data protection law, including
rights of access, rectification, erasure, and data portability.

8 Deletion and Return

Upon termination of the Services, Processor shall, at Controller's election, delete or return
all Personal Data to Controller and delete existing copies unless applicable law requires
storage of the Personal Data.

9 Liability

Processor's liability arising out of or related to this DPA shall be subject to the limitation
of liability set forth in the Master Services Agreement, except that such limitation shall not
apply to liability arising from Processor's failure to implement the security measures required
under Section 3 or its failure to comply with Section 4.

10 Termination

Either party may terminate this DPA upon termination of the underlying Master Services
Agreement. Controller may additionally terminate this DPA immediately upon written notice if
Processor materially breaches its obligations under Section 3 or Section 4 and fails to cure
such breach within fifteen (15) days.

11 Governing Law

This DPA shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, consistent with the governing
law provision of the Master Services Agreement.
