MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

This Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into between Northbridge
Analytics, Inc. ("Northbridge") and Fairmont Partners LLC ("Fairmont") for the purpose of
evaluating a potential business relationship.

1 Definitions

"Confidential Information" means any information disclosed by one party (the "Disclosing
Party") to the other party (the "Receiving Party"), whether in written, oral, electronic, or
other form, that is designated as confidential or that a reasonable person would understand to
be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure.

2 Exclusions

Confidential Information does not include information that: (a) is or becomes publicly known
through no fault of the Receiving Party; (b) was already known to the Receiving Party prior to
disclosure; (c) is independently developed by the Receiving Party without use of the
Confidential Information; or (d) is rightfully received from a third party without restriction.

3 Obligations

The Receiving Party shall use the Confidential Information solely for the purpose of evaluating
the potential business relationship and shall not disclose the Confidential Information to any
third party without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party
shall protect the Confidential Information using the same degree of care it uses to protect its
own confidential information, but in no event less than reasonable care.

4 Term

This Agreement shall remain in effect for two (2) years from the Effective Date. The
confidentiality obligations in Section 3 shall survive for a period of five (5) years following
disclosure of the applicable Confidential Information, regardless of the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.

5 Termination

Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice to
the other party. Termination of this Agreement shall not relieve either party of its
obligations with respect to Confidential Information disclosed prior to termination.

6 No License

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as granting any rights to either party, by license
or otherwise, in or to any Confidential Information of the other party, except as expressly set
forth herein.

7 Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

8 Remedies

Each party acknowledges that unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information may cause
irreparable harm for which monetary damages would be an inadequate remedy, and that the
Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies
available at law or in equity.

9 Limitation of Liability

Neither party shall be liable to the other for any indirect, incidental, or consequential
damages arising out of this Agreement. Each party's liability for a breach of its
confidentiality obligations under Section 3 shall not exceed one hundred thousand dollars
($100,000).
